news on channel khl then in maria studio
Titova Hello and at the beginning of the release
short and his topics first round for
Spartak in the capital first capital
derby season red and white turned out
stronger CSK
one hundred percent result in St. Petersburg
CSKA field series of misfires not
the operation happened successfully
Yevgeny smiths nearest will not return
from Germany where the day before passed honey
examination and had surgery in
central match of the day by right
was considered a metropolitan derby between
Spartak and CSK
the match in falconers began with a raise about
sweater thirteenth number under the arches
the palace so Spartak perpetuated
memory of gennady wing
the composition of the red and whites became
champion of the USSR middle of the first period
the hosts were in the role of playing camping
1 puck in the season marked Alexander
Radula equalize Spartacus managed
only in the second twenty a
just before the break , also came forward
the final game segment increasing
its advantage to two goals
ward of Fedor Canarykin confidently
brought the match to victory
CSKA only managed to cut
backlog to a minimum of at least
fundamentally the meeting was held in Kazan
where did the two giants of the national
Haken Ak Leopard and Magnitka additional
intrigue this match gave the fact
that as part of the guests on the ice went idol
Kazan fans and many years
Kazan leader Danis Zaripov visit to
his former teammate at the attacker
It turned out not very successful owners at times
in each period the gates were hit
but even this advantage is not
guaranteed a smooth finish
completing bo guests under the curtain of the third
dvadtsatiminutke made the ending of the match
very nervous over time ago
after the first game did not say what is not
there is enough harmony precisely in tactical
the plan today the same thing happened and
still releasing we produce rough
mistakes with what it does and novices and
it became therefore
this and pleased with the St. Petersburg ska
completed his away series with a match in
Astana from the barys who at the start
championship defeated Severstal
score 10 1 legs waited for an equal fight
recorded favorite however this is not
turned out to be 5 accurate shots
army home team
adequately answered only twice worth
note that in the composition of ska naked and two
assists
Ilya Kovalchuk was noted one of them he
helped throw the puck to Viktor Tikhonov
who has scored four games in a row
guys tried and every goalkeeper Nazaru
47 and we played better defense was
many deletions would still
guilt is our task 4 or us points
and how would matt fall out this other huge
plus wine we understood what we have if
how to work with the mistakes we had and will
correct but so i think every dream
played well and continue here too
just on the eve of the continental
hockey league passed 10 matches
the results of which you see on your
screens
vanguard in stubborn confrontation overcame
Atlas Riga Dynamo still not
know defeats
Petrochemist beat torpedo a salavat
Yulaev Chekhov's knight separately wanted
would mark the Yaroslavl locomotive
which match with motorists won
first win of the season
Evgeny blacksmiths coming days will be back
in Russia
I remind you that in the match against Knight attack
Chelyabinsk tractor striker and
Russian national team got a shoulder injury
on the eve of one of the German clinic
he underwent an additional examination and
had surgery it is expected that on
Kuznetsov’s recovery will go away
six weeks apart from hockey channel khl
tv hd today will be presented to your attention
the next release of the puck in the enticing program
there you will see a special brigade of seven
khl players
who are supposed to play in golden helmets
psycholinguistic analysis of statements
foreign coaches after defeats
exclusive
three well and the Arctic about the difficulties of joy
and the troubles of his profession a for
lovers of fist fights pucks they fight
Greta on and gimbatov not miss
trainer to be health harm in chl
will dismiss the trainer that in the water in the toilet
pull down is easy and simple completion
Release invite you to enjoy
the brightest events
a busy game day I am with you
say goodbye goodbye